SCALABILITY
    Scalability is the capability of a system, process, or a network 
    to grow and manage increased demand. Any distributed system that 
    can continuously evolve in order to support the growing amount of 
    work is considered to be scalable.

    A system may have to scale because of many reasons like increased 
    data volume or increased amount of work, e.g., number of transactions. 
    A scalable system would like to achieve this scaling without performance loss.

HORIZONTAL SCALING - add more servers to the pool of resrouces
VERTICAL SCALING - adding more power (CPU, RAM, Storage, etc.) to an existing server.

RELIABILITY
    By definition, reliability is the probability a system will fail in a given period. 
    In simple terms, a distributed system is considered reliable if it keeps delivering 
    its services even when one or several of its software or hardware components fail.

    EXAMPLE
    For instance, if a user has added an item to their shopping cart, the system is 
    expected not to lose it. A reliable distributed system achieves this through 
    redundancy of both the software components and data. If the server carrying 
    the user’s shopping cart fails, another server that has the exact replica of 
    the shopping cart should replace it.

    Obviously, redundancy has a cost and a reliable system has to pay that to 
    achieve such resilience for services by eliminating every single point of failure.

AVAILABILITY
 basically means how long over time the system can remain operational.


LOAD BALANCING
 helps to spread the traffic across a cluster of servers to improve 
 responsiveness and availability of applications, websites or databases

If a server is not available to take new requests or is not responding
or has elevated error rate, LB will stop sending traffic to such a server.

We can add LBs at three places:
    Between the user and the web server
    Between web servers and an internal platform layer, like application servers or cache servers
    Between internal platform layer and database.

DATA PARTITIONING
 after a certain scale point, it is cheaper and more feasible to scale horizontally by adding more machines than to grow it vertically by adding beefier servers.

REDUNDANCY V REPLICATION
    we duplicate some critical components or functions of a system to increase
    reliablity of the system in some form of a backup or fail-safe, as in if you
    have a file on server and you lose that serer, then you lose the file.

In the presence of a network partition, a distributed system must choose either Consistency or Availability.